Chapter 1

ThE trip to nainital



Hi! I am Sahaj Bamba. You might haven’t heard my name, I won’t blame you for that either after all I am a normal introvert kind of guy like there are in any college you go. But believe me I have another side to my story as well. There are two ways to know someone’s story - to ask him or to guess it, none of which would provide you a trust worthy answer unless the person really wants to tell truth. Today I am going to tell you my real story, the unheard, unthinkable one. Truly a story beyond anyone’s imagination.




Wait a second; Let me try to remember where it all begins from. So………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………

Wait that might be a bit too back and we don’t have much time so going straight to the point or better to the time about 2 and a bit more than a quarter year back .



22 May 2015 my 16th Birthday. I was so excited for it. I had woken up the entire night chatting with my friends like any normal kid would do on their birthday unaware of what was about to come. After all who knows which way the wind will blow tomorrow. Anyways I slept at 4:00 am and was woken up at five by family members singing the birthday song. It was great though the sleep was what overpowered everything else till at the end of the song father shouted – “To the car right now.” I was wondering what I had done now. I was sure I had apologized enough for yesterday’s dent also it was my birthday he could have at-least waited till tomorrow if he had found another problem. On moving to the parking lot to my amazement there was a brand new “FORD MUSTANG GT“ imported directly from US and customized to be a four seater. I don’t know how he kept it hidden from me. After that he spoke - “Get inside right now. We are leaving for Nainital to celebrate your birthday . All that you might need has already been transported to the royal suite of the grand hotel. “I went in. Mother and Sister were already waiting inside. We then left for nainital. I was still sleep deficient you know a normal kid can’t survive with a one hour sleep plus the scenery around wasn’t much appealing either, and I think I dosed off after setting an hour’s alarm since I had never been to nainital earlier, didn’t wanted to miss anything. The next moment I remember, my eyes were half open and I saw a bright yellow light and then suddenly everything went dark.
 
Later I woke up in the royal suite. It was already evening. I went to the balcony instinctively and the view around me, Well I don’t know how to describe it. Just gorgeous! The setting orange sun beyond the horizon in the white snowy mountains from which pure calm blue lake was flowing , Just mind blowing . Truly a heavenly possession it was. The only thing that was missing in that scene was an angel like beautiful girl I guess. Anyways I remained admiring the scene for about half an hour or so. Till father came with his usual direct words -“Admiring the scenery I guess. You skipped breakfast and lunch but the dinner party … Come down, 15 minutes, Dress like human, And HAPPY BIRTHDAY SON .”; The usual way of dad’s politeness I guess .



I went down, dressed my best, enjoyed the party to the fullest and went back to my suite about 4 hours later. But there was a slight reproachment - I had wasted my entire birthday sleeping, I mean seriously who does that plus I was still exhausted and couldn’t do anything but sleep. I took the challenge to explore well the rest of the three days of trip, so I went to bed to heal up from tiredness and be at my best for upcoming challenges.




“Wait a second. Where am I? What is this place? Am I dreaming? Ya surely it has to be a dream. How else could I be teleported from my royal suite to the middle of this nasty jungle. Well I have already wasted my day so let’s explore this jungle only. It’s just a dream so couldn’t hurt .” or so was what I was thinking and went deeper and deeper into the jungle when I saw a small piece of piece of paper on the ground.

”What? How? Why is my best friend Shaun in this pic? Oh! This is my dream and he is my best friend. There is no reason why he couldn’t be in the pic. Wait a second if it’s my dream amn’t I the creator here ? Shouldn’t I be having all sorts of powers? Let’s try them out I suppose. SUMMON SHAUN.

What? Nothing! as expected guess can’t control even my own dream . “I went further on deep into the forest and suddenly some shadows started to emerge and took vague forms. I of course couldn’t recognize most of them but they were speaking in familiar voices -

“Leave from here. Just leave you don’t belong here you still have time and things to do. Run away, Sahaj Run away.”

“I mean I do have things to do but that was a bit strange way to put up in a dream even if my own mind designed it plus I am not here because I wished to. Okay so now let’s see, How to get out of this trap? I can’t of course kill myself what if that isn’t the proper way? I would really be dead then. Guess should just wait till the alarm rings.”




And so it happened. Father came with the usual direct tone -“Wake UP. Current time 7:30 . Breakfast at 8:30 inside suite only. Order anything. 10:00 reach car. No delays. 10:00 to 19:00 exploration with family. Tomorrow - Do as you want.” I don’t know why father’s words “WAKE UP “ wake me up even faster than the entire HD sound quality alarm system even if I set volume to be double of father’s voice or try various frequencies. Anyways did as I was told after all the next day was supposed to be completely mine and so we went. Don’t think I should mention any more about the places visited since you all can Google them out any ways .
 
Then came the night time, the dream time. I Were a bit anxious and exited. Who knows where I might end up today? So had to be prepared took out a flash light and a stun gun plus a GPS system as well as my portable PS 3‘s hand held model. Who knows how much time I would need to spend there today. Also to my amazement father had kept a stun gun as well in my items never thought so. Anyways with these I slept. And woke up back into that dark forest with no items I had kept with me while sleeping. Should have guessed that. Any ways that photo of Shaun was still with me.

”What the hell was really happening? Where am I really?” was what came out of my frustrated mind and soon enough came a voice -

“HELL. That’s a nice word don’t you think? The exact answer to all your questions my friend.
You have actually died. “ .

“No there is no way. I still have things to do. I can’t die right now. And this is my dream world not some kind of hell. Here I am the creator. I make rules.“ Suddenly came a bright yellow light similar to earlier which transformed into a figure of a Sagittarius, you know those half human-half horse ones, who graped me and took me quite far away. After we were at a safe distance he spoke -
“No my friend I am afraid he is right.”

”So does that mean there is no way to go back?”

”Well not exactly. There is one take this dagger and pierce your heart.” ”So I was right dying is the way to get out.”

I took the dagger and stabbed myself without hesitation . During my last moments I heard that earlier shinigami’s voice again saying -

“Going back huh? You know the price right? You must leave something equal behind. Let’s see how about that?”

My hand suddenly started burning, And some pieces of ash fell down. The next moment I was in on my bed.



A bit terrified though (about 20%) since I had just stabbed myself. I mean who would do that so casually in their right mind, and mostly proud (80%) since I had just stabbed myself. I mean not everyone can do that, and rest Excited (100%). A complete day exploration on my own. I took my DSLR and went out. I started using my photographic skills to capture every beautiful moment around me, after all its my hobby. I went on and on, on foot, exploring and snapping but something wasn’t right. There was a terrible aura where ever I went. Something was really out of place. This terrible feeling of uneasiness might kill me. Also there wasn’t anyone around. I am not saying that I hate being alone in a place which remain overcrowded the entire year but still, It’s a famous hill station and still almost like no-man’s land? How is this possible? Soon I saw a group of about 10 to 15 people. I were about to go towards them when they started running towards me and started beating me out of nowhere. There were punches and kicks when suddenly I heard some familiar voices saying -
 
“Gotcha”

“Leave him alone. You got the price now what?” “Whatever! Do what you want. I am out of this matter now.”
“Suddenly I saw that yellow light again followed by complete darkness.




The next moment I woke up, there were wires all around with sensors attached to various of my body parts. My complete body was aching like hheeeell no probably shouldn’t speak that word again. I heard a lady dressed like a nurse shouting – “He is awake.” Suddenly various people in white clothes probably doctors came inside and started celebrating. They were shouting -

“MIRACLE! MIRACLE! He is alive! He is really alive! We saved him. We did it.”

Well I know that I was beaten up by some people but it can’t be this serious like they are exaggerating. I gathered up all my strength and asked -

“What happened to the people who were beating me? Who were they?”(Sahaj)

“People beating? You must be dreaming young master, You have just survived a big accident. You should rest.”(Doctor)

“Accident? What the hell are you talking about?” (Sahaj)

“You don’t remember young master? Can’t help that was a deep blow. Okay I will help you remember everything. 22 may 2015 - Your complete family went to nainital in GT to celebrate your birthday.”(Doctor) “Yes I remember that.” (Sahaj)

“Good. The next thing might be a bit tough for you!. “ (Doctor)
“Hmmmm”. (Sahaj)

“Your family never reached nainital . GT met an accident on the way and fell off the cliff.”(Doctor)

“Recovery team reached immediately but the rest of your family - sorry to say - Had already died. You somehow were still breathing, and were transported immediately to our hospital right after it. You have been in the same condition for last two days. It was as if you were in some kind of limbo. Sub consciously alive and breathing but consciously dead. We did all we could and today evening of 24th may you woke up. It’s really a miracle.”

“Whhaaatttt?”


To be continued …
 
An introduction of

upcoming characters


Triton – the brother in arms


Triton is without a doubt the best guy I have ever met. If someone is being worthy of called my brother he is Triton. I still remember that year as if it was last year only, wait a second it really was the last year, year 2014, his father had migrated to Rudrapur, Uttarakhand and he was transferred to the same school. We spent the entire year together as best buddies. During the last 6 months of the year he even lived in my house. We together became famous as “THE TWIN BRAWLERS”. Counter Strike, Subterfudge , tag team taken, Contra, multi-player RPG’s any game you name it we were together pros at it. Our way of collaboration was what made us famous. No-one used to fight without the other. We each looked after each other’s back. Even in the real life the collaboration could be easily seen. For a matter of fact he was left handed and I was right. That made us even more compatible with each other. Meeting him was one of the best moments in my life but this year during January his father was again transferred this time off shore to Europe. But still we remain famous till date in the online multiplayer gaming world.


alice – the perfect girl


Alice is a childhood friend. We grew up in the same streets playing together. But she was way ahead in most of the things. Her looks were just amazing those brown eyes, those waving hairs, that pretty face. But don’t let that innocent face misguide you. Jiujutsu, taekwondo, karate, boxing, weapon mastery anything you name it she knew it. Other than her strength her knowledge was also far above average. She is the reason why my marks never mattered. Anyways she was a great friend, helped me a lot in studies as well as martial arts and made me a bit more social than I were before. The only thing where I could defeat her was gaming

.She was literally perfect in all sense but when it comes to virtual world I had the upper had. As they say you can learn all key combinations, maps, special moves, but still gaming needs a natural instinct to be pro at. You can study gaming become average or even above average but pros don’t study they just do it. Also there was one incident I remember when we were at my house studying for next day exam. We were so engrossed in studying that we didn’t realize that the time had reached 2100. After that we had dinner and then she told that she needs to go back home. But dad wasn’t in the house and he usually locks the main door using his security algorithms before leaving but she told that she wants to go back. Even Mark had gone out with the father. We were alone in the house. Then I thought of something, opened up my laptop, bypassed a private channel for some help and was able to open up the door. But it was quite dark outside and we were just ten years old then, the darkness even scared her and she remained at my mansion overnight. Latter on when father came early morning he sent her back home and I was grounded in my room for a week for messing with the door security system. But I am sure father was impressed at how I opened up the door and also my friendship with Alice became even stronger.
 
Mark – the butler


Mark’s family has been serving my family since generations. But don’t get anything wrong with the word butler, this isn’t any kind of slavery or paid labor. He is more of a family than anyone else. Also by butler don’t get the feeling that he does the house-hold work, his work is to protect the family members, a bit like the private assassins. Don’t go by his looks and week body. His strength level is way beyond average. Jiujutsu, taekwondo, karate or any other form of martial arts you name it he knows it. He has even got the close combat training from US and has also gained ability to utilize his adrenaline to maximum extent granting him the super human strength. He is the best protector you could ever hope to get.


Jimmy – the technokid


Next comes our tech expert Jimmy. You remember the help which I got to open up the gate earlier it was all done by Jimmy. I just opened up a route for him to access the gate’s algorithms and he just broke it open. Any technical help you want you can count on him. All kind of technical stuffs and algorithms are stored in his brain. Despite that his physical strength is below average, but with skills like that who would want muscles? Anyways even school teacher had employed him in the network department so that he doesn’t hack it down, nice thinking right if you can’t defeat someone them get him to work with you.


Shaun – the childhood buddy


Shaun and I have been friends since the time I learnt how to spell friends. His father Ricky has been working along with my father as well, in fact Mr. Ricky was the second in command at the company and guess now he will be the in-charge. Anyways Shaun and me were best friends we were always seen together weather in class or outside class. Hence at school even if one was caught doing mischief, other one was definitely to be found somewhere around. Shaun was also a great person good in studies, great gamer and an amazing sword fighter. He was more of a solo player though in most of the games. I still remember the games we used to play our taken league is still at 1672-1670 with Shaun in the lead. Also in various other games the league is continuing. The score card is at a sacred online location protected by Jimmy, and could be accessed only when all three of us come together virtually.


Jin Bamba – the father


Guess no point in telling about him, everyone knows him. A genius, a perfectionist, an amazing worker, a leader and literally the golden worker. He is what everyone wishes to be. His work on Artificial Intelligence, network security and Virtual gaming is what made him this famous. His empire is far spread across the entire globe. Though his dream of a completely virtual world is still under development.
 
Chapter 2

The Aftermath




“What? What the hell is this junk you are speaking? That couldn’t possibly be happening! My father , The great Jin Bamba , The modern ZEUS , The Perfectionist .There is no way he did leave me his greatest creation unfinished . There is no way he did leave me alone. That son of a gun he did even stand up from his grave if I did anything stupid to use his extreme stare skill and make me feel guilty. Now take this …”

I threw a vase containing flowers down and broke it.

“Now father see, I, your son, The Sahaj Bamba, behaved in an uncivilized way by breaking the Vase. Now please! come dad! Come and stare at me. Hit me if you must. Just come back dad.”

“I know, I am sure this must be some kind of trick, a game. He must be trying to force me to grow up on my own through this pain and then he would come back claiming he has done his task of training me. Dad always had been like this. Always escaping from his duties to explore the world and enjoy. He must surely be sitting at a beach right now smiling and enjoying the weather. I will never allow that to happen. I will find him. He must be with me till the time I grow up and be better than him. That was the contract. That was the part of the deal he made when I was born in this world. When he choose to be my father. He can’t escape from a life binding contract like that. “

“Oh Mark, Here you come, finally a man with much sense. Mark see what these doctors are saying, they are telling me that my dad has died and I am the only survivor of my family . How can this be possible when you are around. You have saved father many times whenever he needed you, you were always there to save him. Tell them, please tell them that father is still alive that you had saved him, that he is still out there recovering. Speak up Mark! Speak up.”

“I am afraid sir “.(Mark)

“No not even you too. What has happened to you all? I am going out right now to save him. I am leaving. Aaaaa “.(Sahaj)

“No young master Sahaj lie down. He is really dead, you have to accept the fact and move on. You must rest as of now.”(Mark)

“Move? Ha Ha! Move on you say? It was your duty. Father had entrusted you with his life. You had to save him no matter what. Where exactly were you when the accident occurred? Prior to this you had followed my dad everywhere and saved his life many times. Why not now? Why? “
 
Doctors then grabbed hold of me and injected me with something possibly anesthesia since I fell unconscious. After that when I wake up all my memories were vague my father dying my trip to nainital all appeared like a big nightmare but then why were I in the hospital bed? I need to go and find out the truth and I went out of my bed. My body was still wounded but I went on outside the room taking support of the life support equipments attached to me. The hospital was completely deserted. Was it reality or another of my weird vision or dream. I went on suddenly I was about to fell down when mark came and saved me. I could see tears in his eyes for the very first time. I believe he unconsciously said “I have already lost old master Jin, there is no way I am loosing you as well.” After that he took me back to my hospital ward along with some nurses and I fell asleep.



2 June 2015 The day I was discharged. The first thing I did was to go to the graveyard and visit my father. I was right in front of my father’s grave standing, staring, unable to do anything. You guys can never tell how powerless I felt even after having all that any normal being works his entire life to achieve. I kept standing there! standing and waiting! waiting for a miracle to happen. Waiting for Time stone to reverse back time and allow me to spend more time with my father. Waiting for someone to chant the words – “REVIVE” and my father would walk out of his grave and grab me in his hands. Waiting for the demon lord to come so that I could make a deal and get another chance. Waiting and staring for any kind of movement under the soil. Waiting for a goddess to come and heal him. Just waiting and waiting and waiting. I don’t know how much time passed by. Soon it was night.




I heard some words from behind saying – “He was a great man. One of a kind. I could never ask for a better master. “(Yes you are thinking right it was Mark .)

“Once in our school we were given a homework to write a paragraph on –“What do you want to do before you die.” While doing that I asked the father what do he want to do and his answer was –“Well I would like to revolutionize the entire earth. I want to create a place where computers do what we do so that we can just spend time on Virtual Reality Games.“

.“ So you want AI to do our task so that we can play video games?” .“Not video games my son VR games you will be able to live any moments of your life and others life again and again. You will be able to create and design your lives by your very own hands and live them and change the decisions as well to open up new future possibilities. “.”Sounds complex. What if you die before you accomplish that?” Do you know what he replied to that Mark ? His reply was – “Listen son I ain’t dying any time soon and even if I did die before fulfilling my desires I am going to run away from the other world saying –“I still haven’t finished my work yet. I want to my son to live the lives of the ruthless Vikings, the world war heroes, the space walkers and also to let him explore the universe different galaxies and to become an astronaut, an assassin, a war hero, a mutated well I don’t know how about a mammoth or a dragon anyways you get that I have a lot of task to do back on earth so I will be leaving for now. Keep my seat booked, I will come back in a few decades doesn’t matter even if its in a VR game.””
 
That was ten years back, at that time father used to spend time with me and play with me but latter on guess a year later he started doing his work quite seriously. He even laid restrictions on me to not to go to the basement where he spent the little time he were at home. He even started distancing himself from the rest of the family. By the time I were conscious enough to understand he was already a strict rarely speaking work obsessed manic. I never really got the chance to understand him well but still I respect him and want to be like he used to be, like he is in my subconscious memories. I really felt like once his work is completely over he will come back to being his old friendly self again and we will be able to live together like old times but you know what happened next .

“He had his own way of doing things. Once he found out a goal he would give his all to finish it. I am sure he loved you and wanted you to experience the lives of your heroes so that you could be happy even if for that he has to sacrifice a decade.”(Mark)




“What! Sacrifice you say? Sounds like my father. Father always used to keep bragging about equivalent exchange. He always used to say that in order to gain something, something of equal value must be sacrificed. Was that really true? Look at me. My father, my family all was taken away from me still I was given nothing in return. Nothing at all. I have no-one left except you Mark, No-one. Please don’t leave my side and sorry for what I spoke back at the hospital. It wasn’t your fault.”

“Don’t worry young master Sahaj. I will never leave your side. “ “Now it’s already 2200. We should go back home. “(Mark said) “I would like to wait here a little longer if you don’t mind .” “Okay young master. I will be waiting for you in the car.”

“Wait a second Mark. I know it may not be the right thing to ask but can you tell me where exactly you were when my father died?”

“Young Master at that time I was on my way to master Shaun’s residence. Apparently old master had got a call from Master Shaun asking for help and he asked me to go. But by the time I reached there his house was already on fire by the time fire-brigade came there was nothing left to save.”

“What Shaun died as well? Could it be? No it can’t be that. Forget that.”




After that we went back home at around 2350, but what was waiting for us at home was not expected by anyone. The home was in a state of mess and all guards were unconscious.





To be continued …
 
Chapter 3

ThE MYSTERY UNDERNEATH









You all must have known by now that my life is pretty much messed up. All this started right after my 16th birthday. First the trip to nainital then losing my family and now, let’s see what life has in store for me now.


3 June 2017, time 0020, location Bamba’s mansion I have just reached my home after a long break and is this the right way to welcome me? Guards unconscious police standing everywhere investigating. Will someone please tell me what exactly has happened in my house?

“Oh master Sahaj, Good to see you. I am inspector Lea. Well how to say this. Your house was robbed. On

2nd June’s evening you house was attacked by a group of masked robbers it appears that they even knew the secret passages of your mansion and even had technical support as well, they hacked into the system and bypassed the security. From the looks around here it appears that they were searching for something. Will you please have a look around and see if anything is missing?” (Lea)

“Young Master Sahaj give me an hour. I will check everywhere and see if anything is missing.” (Mark) “Okay will be in my room for the time being. Inspector Lea, you can go for now we will inform you if we come to know about anything.” (Sahaj)

“If I may master Sahaj, I believe that robbers may return. So for the worst case may I suggest we stay for
the time being?” (Lea)

“Do as you please.” (Sahaj)
After that I went back to my room and slept.


When I woke up in the morning Mark told me that nothing had been stolen. Could that mean that what they were after they weren’t able to found. What exactly could it be more priceless in our house other than the jewels, they didn’t touch anything expensive at all.


Guess its detective time. Let’s see they didn’t touch money so they weren’t after it. They knew the secret passages so they must be someone from the inside. They were able to hack down our security algorithms so they must be quite knowledgeable. Wait a second, I get it, It must be my father coming back from the world of dead trying to take back his data along so that no one could steal it. Ha Ha. Now I have definitely hit my head hard. But wait a second, the data, could it be that those guys were after my dad’s research? Yes that appears to be most likely the case. Guess sometimes being stupid is the best thing to become.
 
So now let’s see if Dad were to keep his research at home where would he keep it? Oh I know I know it has to be at the store-room where he spent most of his time. Great thinking. Wait a second, is this talking to myself thing really necessary just like an angel sitting on your right shoulder and a demon on your left telling you what to do. Well yup, it surely is for the readers’ sake. Okay so then keep this up. So where were we? Ya right the basement.

Then I went to the basement along with Mark to explore. Can you guys believe it I hadn’t been to my own house’s basement for about last nine years. So now let’s see Its full of computers, 5 Desktops ,8 Laptops ,6 tablets all of varying sizes and configurations , I could also see large drives which appeared to be like storage units .

But the amazing thing was they all appeared to be untouched. Were they not after the data of dad? Okay let’s see if I were a billionaire scientist where would I keep my research? On a hard drive which could be stolen and decoded? Well I am a security expert as well, I have designed the internet security algorithms after all, but even still for the worst case what would dad do?

“Young Master if I may suggest. I would store the hard-drive in a place where no-one else could find it a place completely unknown. “ (Mark)

“And if I were in his place that place wouldn’t definitely be my home. But still why did they come here? Let’s see if these systems have any clue about it. But wait a sec they don’t appear to be right. If they all need to be properly connected using the cables available then that system must be here and that one there and there we go. All perfect.” (Sahaj)


Wow! suddenly everything in the room started moving and a secret passage opened through the front wall opening to a small room.

“This is amazing Mark. This is just like the treasure hunting games we used to play. Let’s go and see what’s
in there. You have brought torch right?” (Sahaj)
“Always ready Sir.” (Mark)


Then we went inside that room there were father’s different photos which I had never seen. He was an explorer as well an archeologist. I could see him in various ruins of Egypt and China. Mom was with him too. Were they secretly going on vacation without me? Not the time for that right now. Let’s see what else is there. There are 6 books on a table. They look interesting. Let’s take them upstairs and have a look at them. So we went upstairs along with the books. 5 out of six books were up-openable. No matter how hard I tried there was just no way I could open them up. Though the sixth one could be easily opened and read. It appeared to be like a journal. I never knew that my dad was fond of writing. Okay so now let’s see what’s written inside it-:


“Aaaah Do I really need to write it down? I hate writing.” Ha Ha. Just as I thought. (Sahaj)

“So now listen to me if you have found this book then you must have found out the other books as well and you must be my son. No one else can figure out the trick to finding them. Now listen these books are maps leading to keys to unlock my greatest creation ever. If it’s not me who is reading this then I must be dead so now son it’s your duty to find it before it falls into wrong hands and even destroy it if you must. Also do not attempt to go for it till I have finished creating strong enough network security protocols and open source world has developed big enough, not to mention that AI technology has been well developed. Good Luck son you will need it and a team you can’t do this alone. And Mark take care of him. I know you will support him just like you have been supporting me.”
 
That maniac he even knew when he is going to die. What exactly he considers himself ordering me to complete what he started and that too ordering from the other world. But guess, nothing can be done about it. He is the father and I am son. I need to take up the responsibility and clean up the old man’s mess.

“You heard him Mark. We are going to need a team any suggestion?” (Sahaj)
“Yes master I do have a few.” (Mark)

“All right Mark tell me on the way we are going right away towards your first suggestion on my father’s BMW.” (Sahaj)
“Sure Master.” (Mark)


To be continued …
 
Chapter 4

ThE team







So Mark where exactly are we headed? (Sahaj)
We are currently headed to Mistress Alice’s residence. (Mark)
Alice that name sounds familiar could you remind me? (Sahaj)

The girl you had hacked the front door for. (Mark)
All-right! All-right! I was just kidding. (Sahaj)


Then we went to Alice’s residence we reached there quite soon. On getting out of the BMW I could see a girl from within the house coming towards me. Yes you guessed right she was Alice. She came running towards me and after that everything happened so suddenly I couldn’t remember anything. I had some vague memory of a right upper-cut coming towards me and next moment I could see the roof. I was lying on a bed in Alice’s residence. Alice was sitting right beside me. Mark was there as well.


What was that for? Is this how you welcome a friend? (I asked Alice)
That was for scaring me. I heard about the tragedy. (Alice)
For scaring you? Really? Your punch made me out for about aa… (Sahaj)

Two hours Young Master. (Mark)
Ya for two hours. (Sahaj)

But I tried to hold back my strength as much as I could. Guess I became a bit emotional but anyways you deserved it. Do you have any idea how much worried I were? You didn’t even replied back to my messages. (Alice)

Well my phone I forgot about it. I don’t even know where it is. (Sahaj)
There you go master Sahaj a new phone for you the same model as previous one along with all your
customized features. (Mark)

Thanks Mark. (Sahaj)
Anyways currently I am in a big problem and I need your help. Will you come along? (Sahaj)

What saying that just out of the blue? That’s a vague request. At-least tell me the details what exactly is the problem?(Alice)

I will tell you the details quite soon right now you need to come along so are you coming? (Sahaj)
Is there a need to ask? I am coming right with you. (Alice)
And don’t forget to bring your gear and those punches. That upper-cut was really amazing. (Sahaj)
I have lots more under my sleeves. Wanna try? (Alice)

Nope. Let’s save them for someone else. (Sahaj)
 
Then we went to the BMW.

So where exactly are we headed? (Alice)
I don’t know. Mark who is next? (Sahaj)
Next is the technokid. (Mark)

Oh yeah jimmy. It has been quite some time since I last saw him about a month I believe. At-least he won’t be treating me with an upper cut right after the arrival. (Sahaj)


Already told you that you deserved it. (Alice)
Ya okay, I were just joking. (Sahaj)


After that we went to Jimmy’s mansion. Right after coming out of car my phone started ringing. There was an anonymous message saying -:

“Hello Sahaj. Long time no see. Go straight through the front door climb the stairs and open the second door you see towards your left. There you will be given what you shall seek.”

Sounds like Jimmy. He will never stop playing. Let’s follow and see what we get. (Sahaj)


So we followed the instructions and entered the room. There we saw five laptops running on the table and a boy literally working on all of them. Ya he is jimmy the technokid.
So now you had got what you came here to find right? You have found me. (Jimmy)
Well actually I have come to eat that cheese burger lying on your table. So if you allow. (Sahaj)
Don’t even think about it I am going to eat it in 5 4 3 2 1 aahh. (Jimmy)

All the systems literally got closed at the same instant and he moved towards the table with the burger and ate it.

That’s jimmy our techno kid always working on some kind of crazy technical projects.


So Sahaj what brings you here? Actually? (Jimmy)

Well I have come here to ask for your help. (Sahaj)

My help? really? The world must be coming to an end. You have two titans standing alongside you and still you need my help? (Jimmy)

Now you are over-reacting jimmy. You have helped me earlier as well. (Sahaj)
I was just following the flow. Remember the cheese burger. (Jimmy)
Oh just forget that. I seriously need your help. It’s related to my father. (Sahaj)
What related to your father? Jin, the tech genius. (Jimmy)

Rest of the details I will tell you latter. So are you coming? (Sahaj)
You don’t need to ask me again. I am coming to wherever you are going. (Jimmy)
Good so get in the BMW. (Sahaj)
So where are we going? (Jimmy)

To airport and then to Europe? (Mark)
Europe, so that means the next member is Triton. (Alice)

What, Triton! No way. So that means the Twin Brawlers are going to meet again? It sure will be a legendary moment. (Mark)

Ya Triton. I am really looking forward to meeting with him again. (Sahaj)
 
So this is Triton’s new home. Let’s see if he really is in there. (Sahaj)
I then shouted with all might -:

Black Ranger to White Eagle come in, I repeat White Eagle come-in. The base is under heavy attack. Enemy troops are attacking from all sides. Even the shields are down. Backup generators are activated but they won’t hold out for much longer we need backup ASAP.

What was that?(Alice)
Just wait for a minute.(Sahaj)
Then we heard a voice saying -:

Black Ranger, this is White Eagle. I heard you we are coming towards you as fast as we could.
Soon a boy emerged from the fields in the front. He was Triton.

If my eyes aren’t playing tricks on me, It really is you Sahaj. When I heard your voice I knew it was you but couldn’t believe it. Am I in a dream? Is this a dream? Someone please pinch me.(Triton) Triton then moved his hand towards me and pinched me.

Hey! What was that for? (Sahaj)
Just confirming. (Triton)

Let’s see even Alice and jimmy are with you and Mark is here as well. So what brings you all here this far away? (Triton)

It’s an emergency Triton, I need your help. (Sahaj)

Say no more Sahaj. I am coming with you. The twin brawlers will be together again to face off all your problems just give me a minute I will go tell my dad that I won’t be coming home for a while. (Triton) Thanks Triton we will be waiting in the car. (Sahaj)


Then we went back to India to my mansion. During the journey I narrated them the whole story along with what was written in the book we found and also about five other un-openable books. All-right so these are the books you were talking about. Appears normal to me. (Triton)

No, I know Mr. Jin. He never liked writing. There is no way he did have written these books. They can’t be normal books. They must be some kind of tech. (Jimmy)

Then that means in order to open these books we need to give it power. (Sahaj)
He he he , Hey Triton you know what I am thinking right now? (Sahaj)

Yup. I know and I am ready for it. (Triton)
What are you guys talking about? (Alice)
No no no no no no… you can’t do that there is no way I did allow you to do that. (Jimmy)
Atleast tell me what you are planning to do. (Alice)

Alice just hold Jimmy and don’t let him move. You will get to know what we are doing soon. (Sahaj) Now let’s see that room was somewhere around here, yes there it is hurry up and come here every one. (Triton)

What the power room? (Mark)

I have brought the cables great now connect them. (Triton)
Now as they say. (Sahaj)
If technology doesn’t work, then charge it. (Triton)
If charging doesn’t work then overcharge it. (Sahaj)

Now 3 2 1 go. (Sahaj)

Then there was a little explosion and the whole house got short-circuited guess we just gave that technology its entire lifetime’s worth of power. But soon a hologram emerged from it and started speaking -:
Hello I am Avina. An AI designed by Jin Bamba. I am here to show you the way to the first key….
 
Chapter 5

ThE first trial





Hello I am Avina. An AI designed by Jin Bamba. I am here to show you the way to the first key. (The hologram spoke)
Wow this is amazing. Your dad always create the coolest stuff. (Triton)
Well guess the adventure begins. (Sahaj)

Soon the hologram turned into the globe with a point blinking somewhere in Africa.
Now we all know where we are going. (Sahaj)
So you all are coming right. (Sahaj)
Count me out. (Jimmy)

What? What happened now? (Sahaj)
If you are going to keep pulling stunts like that then I am not with you. (Jimmy)
Well Jimmy, you know me, I respect technology as much as you do, that was just a little fun. (Sahaj)

Fun you say? You just blasted the hell out of that little piece of tech. You realize what could have happened if Avina hadn’t awoken and spoke to us. We would have never got the coordinates. (Jimmy)

Okay Jimmy from now on you will be the solo keeper of all the new tech found on the journey, we will not touch even a single thing without your permission. Is that all right? (Sahaj)

Don’t be ridiculous. No one would trust that crap from your mouth. I know you wouldn’t do that. (Jimmy)

Yes you are right. (Triton)

Ha ha ha. Just like always. Okay I am coming after-all we are going after The Jin’s treasure, I bet there is no way you could even open up the door to the trials without me. (Jimmy)


After that we went to the specified area. On landing to the closest village, the holograph again turned into a compass and started showing the direction towards what we believe was the first key though we were not sure what that really meant. We bought the required equipments and refilled our supplies and went out for treasure hunting. Mark and Alice moved in front clearing the path, rest of us just followed them looking out at the back and sides for any surprise attack by animals. After about 4 hours of walking we were exhausted, so we decided to camp there since it was night as well. After that in the morning we moved on the journey again, after two more hours of walking something doesn’t seem all-right. Jimmy was the first one to notice that we were just moving in circles around this mountain.

But how is this possible we are just following this compass. Could it be that it actually broke down due to electricity? (Sahaj)

Or could it be that we have actually reached the destination. (Jimmy)

If I were in Mr. Jin’s place would I have just thrown the key so that it could be stolen away by a local or would I have hidden it? (Jimmy)

Hidden it, like in a mountain? (Alice)

Bingo. This mountain must be the hiding spot and if I am not wrong look out for something like a key or a button or anything vague. (Jimmy)
 
After that we started searching everywhere around the mountain base and soon something was found.

Look master Jimmy. There is a book shaped slot around here. (Mark)
Look Jimmy. There is another one around here. (Alice)
Great Let’s keep looking there could be more. (Jimmy)
We searched for the entire area but there were no more.

So if my deduction is correct we place the book found at Sahaj’s house in these slots and we will get the key. I am not sure if the books will be retrievable. So which two books you think you won’t be needing again? (Jimmy)

Well of-course, they are the zeroth book of instructions and the first book of first key. (Sahaj)

Alice and Mark then placed the books in the slots, and everything started moving. Soon a path opened up in the mountain. As we looked in there appeared to be some sort of ancient ruins we could see stairs going endlessly downwards plus they appeared so weak as if they might fall any time. Well how many of you have done rope climbing before? (Mark exclaimed)

Triton and I were quite comfortable but Alice’s and Jimmy’s faces said that they were terrified. Well good thing Alice and Jimmy are going to learn something new today. (Mark)

Then Mark threw and tied and tied a rope to the hook up ahead and we went down. On reaching the base we passed threw an opening in the wall and were in a large dark room. As we proceeded further in suddenly the whole room got filled with lights all over and we could see that it was full of…

Mummmiesssss. (Alice)
Don’t worry they are just sculptures. (Sahaj)

Yup see, I am riding on a mummy. Now I am on her head. Hey Jimmy get a photo of me punching a mummy.
This is so cool. (Triton)

Whaa aaahhh. (Jimmy)
What happened? Just hurry up and click the photo. (Triton)
Triton behind you. (Sahaj)

Suddenly the mummy sculptures all over started moving. Mark gave a strong blow to the mummy about to attack Triton and its head just knocked over and fell on the floor away from body. We could see wires all over inside the head.

So they are just mechanical mummies. (Jimmy)
Can you disable them? (Sahaj)

They have been programmed to kill anything they see moving. They appear to be just the receivers receiving the signals from motion detectors placed on the walls. Considering the number of sensors I don’t think we will be able to destroy all the sensors or the mummies. Guess it will be best to run away through that door. (Jimmy)

Sahaj, Triton and Jimmy you three go. I and Mark will take care of these Mechno-mums. (Alice)
Mechno-mums! Well that’s a nice name. Okay we are counting on you. Let’s meet again soon. (Sahaj)


After that I, Triton and Jimmy went through the doorway and were in something which appeared like a control room.
Wow look at this place! So amazing! Look at these two pods. (Jimmy)
Look there a control panel. See if you can disable mummies through that. (Sahaj)
Okay I will check it. (Jimmy)

Guys I don’t think mummies can be disabled through this console but look I found something interesting. (Jimmy)

I may have found what we came here to do. (Jimmy)
What you got the key. (Sahaj)

Not exactly. The key appears to be behind that wall but the door is locked I can’t open it up unless.. (Jimmy)
 
Unless What? (Sahaj)
Unless it says the key must be virtually used inside this system to open up the door. (Jimmy)
What! How? (Sahaj)

Well you see those pods over there they appear to be like some sort of Complete Virtual Reality Environment. Look I can send you in but I can’t tell where you will end up. Also there is no guarantee if I will be able to pull you back up. (Jimmy)

Don’t worry It’s just gaming with a VR twist and you know we are the legendary “TWIN BRAWLLERS”. There is

no way we will lose. (Sahaj)
Yup sounds fun to me. (Triton)

Okay then take these USBs and attach them to the pods and sit inside them. I will start the system. Be sure to come back alive. (Jimmy)

After that we both attached the USB to the pod and did as said soon everything started to fade. It appeared first black all around, then white and then different colors all around. It was as if we were moving at light speed through a wormhole. And then I suddenly fell on the ground. Triton was sitting just beside me.


So you wake up. Welcome to the virtual world. (Triton)

Are we really in the virtual world? To me it appears more real. (Sahaj)
Same feelings here. (Triton)


Suddenly a group of vague looking people equipped with weapons came running towards us shouting -:

TRESSPASSERS.

Before we could even react they tied us and the biggest one among them with a scar on his face said take them to the leader, Looking at them I bet they will survive more than a battle and then we will be eating them up. Yaaaaaa, the rest of his men shouted.


What? Really! Eat us! Aahhh. I think mummies in the ruins were better. (Triton)




To be continued …
 
Chapter 6

The Coliseum




What? Really! Eat us! Aahhh. I think mummies in the ruins were better. (Triton)

Hey Mr. Scar face. Yes you only we are just kids. We are not tasty at all. You looking at my friend here he
takes a bath just once a week. (Sahaj)
Hey I bath twice a week. (Triton)

Don’t worry you won’t feel anything after you are killed in the fight you will be cleaned and what is left of you will be used as ingredients in our food. (Scar face)

Oh great ran away from mummies just to be eaten by these. (Triton)


They took us through the village towards its center in a large Coliseum. There we were thrown right into the center stage. We were surrounded by the people it was just like a football stadium but with no greenery and colors and flashings. A Tall proud looking beast moved up from what was like the VIP seat. Everyone suddenly started shouting –

“Hail NIGHT FURY! Hail NIGHT FURY! Hail NIGHT FURY! “

My men told we have two new warriors among us. These are now going to fight for their freedom. Rules are same – One fight a day hundred victories to freedom. Fight till opponent dies or you die. (Night Fury)

We understood at once what was going on. We were struck in the Coliseum. Now we need to fight to earn

our freedom. The key must be what we get at the end after defeating the Hundredth warrior. Suddenly two
more persons or beasts emerged from the other corner. One of them was like a mutated dog who was big
walking on two limbs and his hands were extra large.
Dog-Pound. We will call that one Dog-Pound. (Triton)

But why? (Sahaj)

Well he appears like a Dog. And his fist looking at that it must be having a force beyond a pound. So dog pound. (Triton)

Okay good that you are in high spirits even in an environment like this. (Sahaj)

Why won’t I be? We are actually inside a game. Finally all my wishes are coming true. (Triton)
Okay. Great. Bust for some reason the things around here doesn’t feel alright. (Sahaj)

Anyways there is the second one. It’s having a fish body with two limbs large claws and appear to be splitting acid. (Sahaj)

We will call that one Fish-Fry. (Triton)
I get the Fish but why Fry? (Sahaj)
It’s because I am hungry right now and want to eat Fish-Fry. (Triton)
Ha right. Thanks for cheering me up. Now let’s get this thing over as fast as we can. (Sahaj)


Choose your weapons. (Night Fury)

I picked up a one handed sword whereas Triton picked up a sword and a shield. Dog-Pound on the other hand picked up what appeared to be like iron gloves, Fish-Fry remained unarmed. Now let the match begins. May the strongest warrior survives. (Night Fury)
 
Right after that there was a ringing sound and those beasts came running towards us. Dog-Pound moved towards Triton and punched him. Triton intercepted with his shield but the strength was too much and he fell on the ground. I could see a meter on the triton with some words written on it. It said Knight Triton then there was a bar which was about 75% filled with green color that must be his health bar. There was also another word written which said level 1. Could it mean that this really is a game? If it is then there must be various skills as well. I slashed my sword and suddenly an energy slash emerged from it towards Dog-Pound, but he jumped and evaded. Suddenly a dialog box appeared in front of me saying -

A special action has unlocked the skill Slash, use it to attack your enemy from a distance. Critical chance 1%.
Triton, this really is a game, perform special action to unlock skills. (Sahaj)

Special actions like what. (Triton)
Anything. Anything which we used to do in the games. (Sahaj)

Okay. Let’s see. Dog-Pound is coming straight towards me, Fish-Fry also appears to be about to split acid as soon as I fall. Think what would a gamer do at a time like this. (Triton)

Triton then held his shield firmly with both hands and shouted - AAAaaaaaaaa. Now stooopppp. (Triton)

A large shields projection emerged from it and deflected dog-pound’s punch. He lost balance. I knew this was my chance. I moved towards him from behind and shouted with all my might - Slaassshhhhh. Now diiieeeeeeeeeee. (Sahaj)

A dialog appeared saying Critical strike +1000% damage. And after the strike he fell down dead. Now Just Fish-Fry was left. He moved towards us and threw acid. Both of us jumped back and successfully prevented damage but Fish-Fry attacked me again and this time he got me. My health bar fell down to half. He was about to use acid split again but Triton protected me using shield. Now we need to do something quick. A formation attack was what we needed. I took Triton’s Sword and ran towards Fish-Fry along with Triton blocking the acid with is Shield. Then I slashed Fish-Fry with the swords and then both swords right into his chest. Triton then gave a huge melee attack using his shield and it was over. It really was over. Both our enemies were lying on ground motionless. They were both dead. That means they had lost, so we had won. We really had won. We are the winners. It felt as if anything could be achieved now. Everyone was cheering. Afterall we were the winners. We had won.

(I still get excited about it no matter how many times I write it that feeling can’t be expressed) .


Well now I guess our adventure has begun.








To be continued …
 
Chapter 6.5

Recap





Hello friends. I am Sahaj Bamba. If you are reading this story you must be knowing my name by now. This chapter is going to be a short one just a brief recap of what has happened till now in my story plus a few bonus details about my life and a surprise at the end. I thought it was necessary to write this chapter since my life which had already gone crazy is going to get a little more crazier from here on forth. Also I wouldn’t want my readers to forget anything afterall. So my life story started as this

Born ( With a platinum spoon) (Hehe)

Father amazing , futurist, Technical genius, perfectionist, visionary.

Mother super amazing, golden manager, manages Bamba enterprises, CEO.

If my father was the king of the game Mother was the queen.

Mark Butler super dupper amazing, one hell of a butler. You need something? Think about Mark … Oh Wow you got it without even saying anything , The one you can count on. Task given means task completed.

A little less than 3 years latter

Sister dream girl, perfect, intelligent, expressive, someone in whose presence you won’t matter even a bit. ( A little too good that even your best won’t even get considered if you are up against her) .

Friends

Alice :- Childhood buddy. Perfect in every sense though better to stay away or you won’t know when you get knocked out.  But she is nice person.

Jimmy :- Childhood buddy. Techno kid. Knows even more than there is to know about technology. Does even more than can be done. He is literally a God. Just don’t mess with him or next day all your social media passwords might be present on display on every social media site  (hehe) But he has a good heart.

Shaun :- Brother I always wanted to have. Solo warrior. Ten times better swordsman than I could even dream to be. A knight.

Triton :- A friend from beyond the seas. He went to Europe in 2005 after staying with me for an year. He and me together are “THE TWIN BRAWLERS”. Our coordination, well if you want to see why not see tag team games leaderboards. No one could beat us.
 
A few years latter

16th Birthday, trip to Nainital, car accident, family dead, solo survivor.

Went back house robbery, hidden treasure, father’s secret, gathered team.

Pyramid, Robomummies, VR pods, Coliseum, Night Fury, Dog Pound, Fish Fry, VICTORY.

Hope these words do ring a bell and you remembered what all had happened till now. Now a bonus for you all the reason for taking up the fathers task.

On that day my life turned upside down. My family died but I am sure it wasn’t an accident. It can’t be an accident and there was a robbery right after. It all has to be connected. My family was killed. I had to suffer. On that day those men took away everything from me and I don’t even know who they are. But whoever they were they were after my father’s works. So if I go on and find it then those guys will definitely come after me again and when they come I will be ready. Pain heals with time but I don’t want my pain to heal. I want to live that day every day in my dreams so that when I meet those guys again I can pay them back fair and square. This is my equivalent exchange. I will not leave them and after they have been paid back by taking away their lives I will be able to die without any regrets. This is what I pledged that day. This is the sole purpose of my life. And I am definitely going to complete it. My future is dark. I have no future. I sacrificed it all that day in order to get revenge on those guys and I am definitely going to get it.

King	– Sahaj

Queen – Alice

Jack	– Triton

Ace	– Mark

Joker	– Jimmy

Those guys appear to pretty skilled at chess. They took out both King and Queen. But with the cards in hand let’s show them how we play Poker. Lets Continue our journey.
